Phase2/TEAM.md, before:

# Contact information:
   - Simran Singh, 905-805-0221 - git username: Simran/Singh Simran Partap
   - Jeffrey Chen, 613-240-3999 - git username: gosen
   - Marco Angeli, 905-617-4898 - git username: Marco Angeli
   - Abdullah Amin, 647-391-6749 - git username: Abdullah amin
   - Ryan Foster, 416-836-3422 - git username: fosterr6/ Singh Simran Partap (Some pushed were
                                        pushed by Ryan logged onto Simran's account in the CSC labs since his login didnt work
                                        and his emulator didnt work )

# Contributions:
Simran Singh:
Jeffrey Chen: Worked on TicTacToe and made the sliding tiles board always solvable, unittests for TicTacToe, and Score
Marco Angeli:
Abdullah Amin:
Ryan Foster:

# Communication tools used:
- Trello - used to assign tasks and go over what needed to be added
- Facebook Messenger - used for communication
- Gmail

# Team contract:
I will get my work done on time
I will attend every meeting, unless something happens, in which my team will be notified of my absence
The work will be evenly divided
I will help my team understand the concepts and code
If I do not understand the code, I will ask my teammates immediately

Several of the things were worked on individually, however game complexity was worked on in pairs,
Jeffrey and Ryan worked on the game complexity together.
Note: The in detail version was not committed earlier since we had been using
Trello and messenger but were still following the guidelines given on quercus.
Meeting 1: CRC cards were discussed and everyone started an initial brainstorming
started
Meeting2: We came together and combined our individual CRC cards to make
a our plan for how we would implement the project.
- We decided on what type of leaderboard to use and the information it would
display
- We also discussed how to score the game and decided on trying to use time
since it could be used across many games.
- we also decided on using firebase as our way of saving data
- additionally we divided tasks: Marco worked on the undo, Jeff and Ryan worked
on making the game flexible to different board sizes
,Abdullah worked on setting up firebase and authentication, Simran worked on
the leaderboard and scoring of the game
Meeting 2: Questions within our code was discussed, more tasks emerged as a result of this, and we were divided up evenly again.
- During this meeting we also resolved merging issues since this was the
first time we were combining changes
- We also decided that we would be able to tackle on some of the bonuses
such as changing the background and the images for the tiles.

Meeting 3: Talked about what finishing touches were needed, as well as talking about bugs, and fixing them.
- Specifically the score being based on time was not working as expected
so we decided on using the number of moves the user makes
- We also ran into a few issues in terms of saving the board on the database
and splitting the images and collectively discussed ways of solving the issue.
- Further anyone who had finished a certain part moved on to implementing another
feature , for example after implementing the undo feature Marco moved 
on to try an implementing the image splitting
Meeting4 : In this meeting we worked toward finishing the project and combining
various parts together.
- this was a challenge since the firebase syntax often yielded errors that were
unfamiliar.
- During this time we divided up into teams and then regrouped and then divided
up as we tackled various issues such as saving the image that was split to make
the board.

Phase 2:
Meeting 1: Discussed who was going to code what, brainstormed ideas for games
Added a new Firebase Project, Added SplashActvity, Added Game Choice Activity
Fixed .gitignore and repo issues, Design and started implement restructuring of Leaderboards
Chose additional games to implement, Tic Tac toe and sequencer
Settled on a design for Sequencer
Meeting 2 + phone call: We listed what each individual had worked on since the last time we met.
 - basic structure for tic tac toe was finished
 sequencer set up had begun
 - Scoreboard could store elements in a list, Slideview started working for textviews
Discussed what still needed to be worked on
- solvable for sliding tiles, unittests, sequencer randomizing the sequences still needed,
AI still needed for tic tac toe
Meeting 3: Got together and got a lot of work done
- solvable sliding tiles got fixed, started thinking about design patterns, random strategy and
hard AI and PVP for Tictactoe basically working, sequencer developing well, leaderboard still being worked on
Meeting 4: Discussed what needed final touches and started writing test codes;
fixed a bunch of bugs in Tic Tac Toe, Sequencer worked, scoreboard almost done,
unittests and little details still needed to be done
Meeting 5: Scoreboard done, worked on unittests and cleaned up a lot of code smells,
added java doc, and finished unittests. Also added the walkthrough pdf

Commit message:

Team.md changes and some comments

Phase2/TEAM.md, after:

# Contact information:
   - Simran Singh, 905-805-0221 - git username: Simran/Singh Simran Partap
   - Jeffrey Chen, 613-240-3999 - git username: gosen
   - Marco Angeli, 905-617-4898 - git username: Marco Angeli
   - Abdullah Amin, 647-391-6749 - git username: Abdullah amin
   - Ryan Foster, 416-836-3422 - git username: fosterr6/ Singh Simran Partap (Some pushed were
                                        pushed by Ryan logged onto Simran's account in the CSC labs since his login didnt work
                                        and his emulator didnt work )

# Contributions:
Simran Singh:
Jeffrey Chen: Worked on TicTacToe and made the sliding tiles board always solvable, unittests for TicTacToe, and Score
Marco Angeli:
Abdullah Amin:
Ryan Foster:

# Communication tools used:
- Trello - used to assign tasks and go over what needed to be added
- Facebook Messenger - used for communication
- Gmail

# Team contract:
I will get my work done on time
I will attend every meeting, unless something happens, in which my team will be notified of my absence
The work will be evenly divided
I will help my team understand the concepts and code
If I do not understand the code, I will ask my teammates immediately

Several of the things were worked on individually, however game complexity was worked on in pairs,
Jeffrey and Ryan worked on the game complexity together.
Note: The in detail version was not committed earlier since we had been using
Trello and messenger but were still following the guidelines given on quercus.
Meeting 1: CRC cards were discussed and everyone started an initial brainstorming
started
Meeting2: We came together and combined our individual CRC cards to make
a our plan for how we would implement the project.
- We decided on what type of leaderboard to use and the information it would
display
- We also discussed how to score the game and decided on trying to use time
since it could be used across many games.
- we also decided on using firebase as our way of saving data
- additionally we divided tasks: Marco worked on the undo, Jeff and Ryan worked
on making the game flexible to different board sizes
,Abdullah worked on setting up firebase and authentication, Simran worked on
the leaderboard and scoring of the game
Meeting 2: Questions within our code was discussed, more tasks emerged as a result of this, and we were divided up evenly again.
- During this meeting we also resolved merging issues since this was the
first time we were combining changes
- We also decided that we would be able to tackle on some of the bonuses
such as changing the background and the images for the tiles.

Meeting 3: Talked about what finishing touches were needed, as well as talking about bugs, and fixing them.
- Specifically the score being based on time was not working as expected
so we decided on using the number of moves the user makes
- We also ran into a few issues in terms of saving the board on the database
and splitting the images and collectively discussed ways of solving the issue.
- Further anyone who had finished a certain part moved on to implementing another
feature , for example after implementing the undo feature Marco moved
on to try an implementing the image splitting
Meeting4 : In this meeting we worked toward finishing the project and combining
various parts together.
- this was a challenge since the firebase syntax often yielded errors that were
unfamiliar.
- During this time we divided up into teams and then regrouped and then divided
up as we tackled various issues such as saving the image that was split to make
the board.

Phase 2:

Meeting 1: Discussed who was going to code what, brainstormed ideas for games. Added a new Firebase Project, Added SplashActvity, Added Game Choice Activity. Fixed .gitignore and repo issues, Design and started implement restructuring of Leaderboards. Chose additional games to implement, Tic Tac toe and sequencer. Settled on a design for Sequencer where Marco and Abdullah were going to do most of the work for.

Meeting 2 + phone call: We listed what each individual had worked on since the last time we met.
 - Basic structure for tic tac toe was finished
 sequencer set up had begun
 - Scoreboard could store elements in a list, Slideview started working for textviews
 - Sequencer development had begun. While some android-side challenges were met, we were confident they were fixable.

Discussed what still needed to be worked on
- Solvable for sliding tiles, unittests, sequencer randomizing the sequences still needed,
AI still needed for tic tac toe
Meeting 3: Got together and got a lot of work done
- solvable sliding tiles got fixed, started thinking about design patterns, random strategy and hard AI and PVP for Tictactoe basically working, sequencer developing well, leaderboard still being worked on

Meeting 4: Discussed what needed final touches and started writing test codes;
fixed a bunch of bugs in Tic Tac Toe, Sequencer worked, scoreboard almost done,
unittests and little details still needed to be done

Meeting 5: Scoreboard done, worked on unittests and cleaned up a lot of code smells, added java doc, and finished unittests. Also added the walkthrough.pdf
